---
author: Paul Chris Luke
title: How to Sell on Reddit
slug: an-essay-on-walking
date: 2019-07-29T07:00:00.000+00:00
hero_image: "/heather-shevlin-3B_NrzTjajc-unsplash.jpg"

---
This page covers both how to stay safe while conducting your business on the internet and how to keep your business private from your friends and family.

* **Create a New Identity** The first thing you should do to protect your identity online is create new usernames and accounts for absolutely everything. Your name, your e-mail, reddit username, paypal accounts, bank accounts, kik and snapchat usernames etc should all be kept separate from your personal life.
* **Remove MetaData From Your Photos and Videos** Some phones and cameras store geographic information with your images and videos. Uploading to websites like Imgur will remove all metadata for you but you should still be cautious and check the information saved with your files before sharing with buyers. You should also turn off location services for your smartphone and camera to avoid having that information recorded.
* **Do not Link PayPal with Your Selling E-mail** If you are going to use Paypal to accept GiftRocket gift cards, do not add your selling e-mail to your PayPal account. If by chance a buyer fails to follow your directions for payment and sends a PayPal payment to you instead of a GiftRocket or any other method, your full name that is associated with your PayPal will become visible to them. GiftRocket gift cards should first be e-mailed to your selling e-mail account, then redeemed using your PayPal e-mail. This is the absolute fool-proof way to keep you safe when accepting GiftRocket.
* **Remove Identifying Information from Photos** When taking photos for your listings and GoneWild subreddits, crop out or remove any identifying information from the background. A school logo, a bag from a local store, or a state or town calendar could all lead to someone figuring out where you live and more. When taking photos near windows be sure no geographically identifying landmarks are in the shot.
* **Hide Your IP Address** Search Google for VPNs (Virtual Private Networks) and install one or use an online version to cloak your internet activity. Never click on links sent to you by buyers unless you have double checked that the link will lead to a site you trust like Imgur or Amazon. Visiting any site and clicking on any link puts you at risk of having your IP address recorded which can very accurately determine your location. Skype and Bitcoin Wallets have both been used in the past to attempt to record the IP address of sellers either as an attempt to blackmail or stalk users. Attempting to log into another persons Bitcoin wallet will send the owner of the wallet all of the information associated with the computer that made the log in attempt.
* **Avoid Having Buyers Purchase Items Directly From Your Wishlists** It is the case with Amazon that purchasing certain products will provide the buyer with your shipping address for verification. There are settings and tricks for protecting yourself but, to guarantee that no buyer will ever see your personal information, you can create a new Amazon account with no shipping information saved and accept Amazon gift cards to purchase the items yourself instead.
* **Never Write Your Real Return Address on Packages** There are a few options for what to write on your packages. The best option to ensure no lost packages and no funny looks at the post office is to purchase a PO Box for your selling. Some colleges and universities have USPS offices on site and offer cheaper PO Box options. The next best option is to write the buyer's address as both the recipient and return address. In theory, this means the buyer will receive the package no matter what. Some offices may ask you to relabel the package if they find that unacceptable, the last option is to use the address of a local grocery store, walmart, etc. Be prepared with an address to use or look one up just be sure to notify your buyers that you are not responsible for lost packages.
* **Social Media** If you are not insanely tied to your social media accounts delete them. If you are really tied to them, set up the privacy so it's on ultra private. Most of that can be done in the settings.

***

## Privacy from Friends, Family, Future Employers

* **Think Before Choosing to Watermark Your Photos** For many the idea to watermark your username on your photos will be an obvious advantage. You can not control where your images will be uploaded on the internet and you can at least get some credit for your work if your name is on them. However, for some who are hiding their adult business from friends and family, the risk outweighs the benefit. Before watermarking, consider whether you would prefer someone recognize a random naked photo of you on the internet or someone recognize you and get linked to your reddit username, exposing your adult business as well.
* **Be Mindful of What Future Employers Can Discover** All legitimate adult camming and selling websites will issue a 1099 or similar tax form at the end of the year. Future employers may have access to your employment and tax record. Be sure you are comfortable with that before choosing to expand your business to an adult website.
* **Removing MORE Identifying Information from Photos** We already discussed removing items and scenery from your photos that can link to your real identity but you should also consider removing identifiable clothing, furniture and decorations so that those who know you in real life will have a harder time recognizing you from your photos.